configure plugin using env vars (#184)
DataDog/jenkins-datadog-plugin: README.md

    - NOTE: Git Branch available when using the [Git Plugin](https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Git+Plugin)

## Customization

From the global configuration page, at `Manage Jenkins -> Configure System`.
* Blacklisted Jobs

> 	* A comma-separated list of regex to match job names that should not be monitored. (eg: susans-job,johns-.*,prod_folder/prod_release).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	* A comma-separated list of regex to match job names that should not be monitored. (eg: `susans-job,johns-.*`,`prod_folder/prod_release`).
```

Note: If you do not see the version of `Datadog Plugin` that you are expecting, make sure you have run `Check Now` from the `Manage Jenkins -> Manage Plugins` screen.

## Configuration

### Configure with the plugin user interface

> To configure your newly installed Datadog Plugin, simply navigate to the `Manage Jenkins -> Configure System` page on your Jenkins installation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure your newly installed Datadog Plugin, navigate to the `Manage Jenkins -> Configure System` page on your Jenkins installation. 
```

> Once your configuration changes are finished, simply save them, and you're good to go!

Reviewer: We should avoid words like "simply" "quickly" "east" 
```suggestion
Once your configuration changes are finished, save them, and you're good to go!
```

### Configure with a Groovy script

> You have the option of configuring your Datadog plugin using a Groovy script like this one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure your Datadog plugin using a Groovy script like this one
```

Configuring the plugin this way might be useful if you're running your Jenkins Master in a Docker container using the [Official Jenkins Docker Image](https://github.com/jenkinsci/docker) or any derivative that supports plugins.txt and Groovy init scripts.

### Configure with an environment variables

Configure your Datadog plugin using environment variables by specifying the three variables below:. 

> - `DATADOG_JENKINS_PLUGIN_REPORT_WITH` specify which report mechanism you want to use. When set to `DSD` it will use a DogStatsD Server to report to Datadog. Otherwise set it to the default `HTTP` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DATADOG_JENKINS_PLUGIN_REPORT_WITH` which specifies which report mechanism you want to use. When set to `DSD` it will use a DogStatsD Server to report to Datadog. Otherwise set it to the default `HTTP` value.
```

Configuring the plugin this way might be useful if you're running your Jenkins Master in a Docker container using the [Official Jenkins Docker Image](https://github.com/jenkinsci/docker) or any derivative that supports plugins.txt and Groovy init scripts.

### Configure with an environment variables

> You have the option of configuring your Datadog plugin using environment variables. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure your Datadog plugin using environment variables. 
```

> You will have to specify three variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - `DATADOG_JENKINS_PLUGIN_REPORT_WITH` specify which authentication mechanism you want to use. When set to `DSD` it will use a DogStatsD Server to report to Datadog. Otherwise set it to the default `HTTP` value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `DATADOG_JENKINS_PLUGIN_REPORT_WITH` specify which report mechanism you want to use. When set to `DSD` it will use a DogStatsD Server to report to Datadog. Otherwise set it to the default `HTTP` value.
```

> If you set `DATADOG_JENKINS_PLUGIN_REPORT_WITH` with the `DSD` value, you will have to specify the following environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set `DATADOG_JENKINS_PLUGIN_REPORT_WITH` with the `DSD` value, you must specify the following environment variables:
```

> - `DATADOG_JENKINS_PLUGIN_TARGET_HOST` which specify the DogStatsD Server host to report to. Default value is `localhost`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DATADOG_JENKINS_PLUGIN_TARGET_HOST` which specifies the DogStatsD Server host to report to. Default value is `localhost`.
```

> - `DATADOG_JENKINS_PLUGIN_TARGET_PORT` which specify the DogStatsD Server port to report to. Default value is `8125`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DATADOG_JENKINS_PLUGIN_TARGET_PORT` which specifies the DogStatsD Server port to report to. Default value is `8125`.
```

> If you set `DATADOG_JENKINS_PLUGIN_REPORT_WITH` with the `HTTP` value or don't specify it, you will have to specify the following environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set `DATADOG_JENKINS_PLUGIN_REPORT_WITH` with the `HTTP` value or don't specify it, you must specify the following environment variables:
```

> - `DATADOG_JENKINS_PLUGIN_TARGET_API_URL` which specify the Datadog API Endpoint to report to. Default value is `https://api.datadoghq.com/api/`.

Reviewer: Should we inline here the instructions for EU ?

```suggestion
- `DATADOG_JENKINS_PLUGIN_TARGET_API_URL` which specifies the Datadog API Endpoint to report to. Default value is `https://api.datadoghq.com/api/`.
```

> - `DATADOG_JENKINS_PLUGIN_TARGET_API_KEY` which specify your Datadog API key in order to report to your Datadog account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DATADOG_JENKINS_PLUGIN_TARGET_API_KEY` which specifies your Datadog API key in order to report to your Datadog account.
```

>   - Find your API Key from the [API Keys](https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#api) page on your Datadog account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Get your API Key from the [Datadog API Keys page](https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#api).
```
